c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests.pdb
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Core.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.pdb
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Core.pdb
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\obj\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\obj\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\obj\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests.pdb
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\hp-pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\HP-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\HP-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\HP-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\HP-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\HP-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Repository.dll
C:\Users\HP-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NumberToWordConverter\NumberToWordConverter.Services.Tests\bin\Debug\NumberToWordConverter.Repository.pdb
